chore: release v6.6.0 (#694)
jbsparrow/CyberDropDownloader: docs/reference/configuration-options/global-settings/general.md

## `max_file_name_length`

| Type          | Default |
| ------------- | ------- |
| `PositiveInt` | `95`    |

This is the maximum number of characters allowable in a filename.

## `max_folder_name_length`

| Type          | Default |
| ------------- | ------- |
| `PositiveInt` | `95`    |

This is the maximum number of characters allowable in a folder name.

## `proxy`

| Type                | Default |
| ------------------- | ------- |
| `HttpURL` or `null` | `null`  |

The proxy you want CDL to use. Only `http` proxies are supported. Ex: `https://user:pass@ip:port`

## `required_free_space`

| Type       | Default | Restrictions |
| ---------- | ------- | ------------ |
| `ByteSize` | `5GB`   | `>=512MB`    |

This is the minimum amount of free space require to start new downloads.

## `user_agent`

| Type          | Default                                                                            |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `NonEmptyStr` | `Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:133.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/133.0` |

> The user agent is the signature of your browser, it's how it is represented to websites you connect to. You can google "what is my user agent" to see what yours may be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user agent is the signature of your browser, determining how it is presented to the websites you visit.. You can google "what is my user agent" to see what yours may be.
```
